
PAUSING FIRES END EVENTS for some browsers.


NOTE: easyspeech says long texts stall in some browsers and calls pause() resume() every 5 seconds

EDGE has random onvoiceschanged that's causing my selects to repopulate, check the number of voices has actually changed

EDGE has tab sleeping, make sure you add the domain in the settings/performance to exclude the site.

EDGE STALLING - due to a non triggering of the end event:
	might need a new strategy:
		Start a shorter timeout that'll be cancelled on utterance start
		Start a longer timeout that'll be cancelled on utterence end.  This must allow speaking time so maybe 20 seconds plus.

	BUG: End events aren't fired on utterances as sometimes they're garbage collected early.
	IDEA: Actually, why don't I have an oldUtterance property in the speecher then swap it out every time
	a new one is created.

	Aaaaand it still doesn't seem to save the day - and EDGE is the only platform I'm having trouble with - which is what I've chosen

	Detecting edge can be done with window.navigator.userAgentData brands possibly or Edg/ in userAgentData.brands

	The timeouts don't come in the order you might expect, a new start can fire before the end of another so adding
	timeouts on the start means they can be cancelled by the end event if you're not somehow doing 'tricks'

	I have had Chrome and Vivaldi fire the lack of end event timer but they never seem to stall even without it.

In the other browsers start timeouts happen but they seem not to be needed and solve themselves.  sometimes
an actual error event will happen and they're not automatically cleared by that.



Twitch messages

/*  raw_msg I got when typing a term that would be auto-moderated.  When moderation happens all messages for that user get cleared
	and a timeout occurs.  It was just for one second
{
	"raw": "@ban-duration=1;room-id=703313907;target-user-id=576952126;tmi-sent-ts=1700132718837 :tmi.twitch.tv CLEARCHAT #flipthatnoise :auntiebrenda",
	"tags": {
		"ban-duration": "1",
		"room-id": "703313907",
		"target-user-id": "576952126",
		"tmi-sent-ts": "1700132718837"
	},
	"prefix": "tmi.twitch.tv",
	"command": "CLEARCHAT",
	"params": [
		"#flipthatnoise",
		"auntiebrenda"
	]
}

Ahh-ha!  In a normal message tags.flags will be null.  In a moderated message got this:
flags=

clearchat happens when all messages are removed and a ban duration happens
clearmsg takes out a single message and has a target-msg-id
PRIVMSG then tags.flags "0-2:5.5" when it was auto modded. where the first part is the position in the string
*/